# CCE20250929_0005

<!-- Generated via OCR from ANNEXURES/JF07/CCE20250929_0005.jpg -->
<!-- Created: 2025-10-21T22:00:26.697Z -->

## OCR Content

sort out the mess left by Peter. Ask him to prove the documents and the moniees he
cost the UK company. When did Peter last go to the UK , meet the staff and inspect
the fulfilment house where the stock is held. It is busy in the UK but Peter would not
know as he would not remember the next day, sadly

AD Interdicts in the notice of motion

In this respect Peter is not telling the truth. All these statements are nonsense.
Financial investigation. This must be done of the bookkeeper in SA as she has
misappropriated millions, including the money left by Kayla Pretorius, Daniel's
partner who was murdered, which can be verified. Money that Kayla inherited from
her late father has been misappropriated by RYNETTE as well. This was shown
several times to Peter, with no action.

16.2 what does Peter know about the UK business? Nothing

Peter is still talking about the.5,000 in SA (company loan from Daniel's company)
although it has been explained so many times —

16.4

Why does Peter still claim to be in a state of Shock, that will be his dementia as IT IS
ABLATANT LIE. Daniel and Jacquelin are still in shock because of the horrendous
theft by bookkeeper, Rynette Farrar. He is trying to cause a smoke screen to cover
for Rynette as there are millions now missing from our SA accounts. This is
following the shock of the Friday afternoon when the Sheriff came to the door and
Peter thought it was very funny to inform Jacqueline the Sheriff was there for her in
the kitchen. He claimed not to know he was coming, another fie and very funny to
Peter.

16.3 16.8, 16.9 it must be noteworthy that every day that passes whilst Rynette is in
our REGIMA offices not being overseen, exposed to REGIMA accounts, then she is

suspend her

16.3 the funds leaving the accounts is ail from the actions of RYNETTE,
proven.16.10, 16.11 RYNETTE IS THE ONE CONCEALING REGIMA monies

The Honourable court with respect must please note that only RYNETTE, the
bookkeeper has been able to see the accounts as they are now on PASTEL that
neither DANIEL, nor JACQUELINE are privvy to, 16.11

Rynette has hidden fortunes of RegimA money within some of the RegimA accounts
accounts, which can and will be proven.
