# CCE20250929_0003

<!-- Generated via OCR from ANNEXURES/JF07/CCE20250929_0003.jpg -->
<!-- Created: 2025-10-21T22:00:29.617Z -->

## OCR Content

There was little source of income at that time as Peter had my personal account
frozen as well as all the company accounts. This woman, Rynette Farrar, was then
in contro! of all our finances, terrible.

8,8 is a blatant lie about the money from J Faucitt.. It must be noted that all the
RegimA Global Accounts have.been drained by Rynette Farrar,

The audit, was requested by Daniel so many times, but no requests from Peter to
investigate Rynette Farrar. Peter is being hoodwinked, mainly because he has a
probable memory problem, which is getting worse by the day.

Daniel has requested many times during 2025 that Rynette has made so many
fraudulent action,s so she needs to be audited. As she has submitted fraudulent
documents to SARS and to other financial companies.

9.1 Rynette Farrar to be investigated due to enormous fraudulent activity in all the
REGIMA bank accounts. This was pointed out to Danie Bantjie who has done
nothing and said he was going on holiday when most of the fraud was brought to
light. He needs to be called to court to question in the court and answer that he
received the extensive reports from Daniel.

9.3 Rynette to be investigated on all her fraudulent transactions, which are
numerous. Only in the week ending Friday, 26 September it was noted that
RYNETTE had removed millions from the FIRST NATIONAL BANK accounts, which
were always controlled by JACQUELINE FAUGITT. Peter was informed. Jacqueline
stated she was going to go to the REGIMA OFFICES to ask RYNETTE about all the
money. Peter came back tothe house and threatened Jacqueline if she was to
attempt to go to the office that he would go beserk and prevent her from going and
reminded Jacqueline about the interdict. This conduct is shocking and frightening so
Jacqueline did not pursue it. ?

Why would Peter at age 73, be defending this woman who ‘stole’ the RegimA brand
and the e-mails and the money — Why?, so she has given the REGIMA IP away to
her son and her for the company they share online. 10.5.

For Peter to claim Daniel, who holds an electrical engineering / automation degree
and a degree in Applied Mathematics, honours, cum laude degree, Peter and
Jacqueline, both much higher qualified than the bookkeeper, to state we are
delinquent, which is extremely offensive, especially because Rynette has taken so
