# CCE20250929_0004

<!-- Generated via OCR from ANNEXURES/JF07/CCE20250929_0004.jpg -->
<!-- Created: 2025-10-21T22:00:27.996Z -->

## OCR Content

much from our companies. 10.5.1,10.2 Why is he defending this slightly qualified
woman, who is bleeding the REGIMA companies dry?

10.6.1.2.3 Peter has put his own interests. before any of the companies and with
Rynette, boonkkeeper, Peter is guilty of wilful gross misconduct and must be
disqualified as a Director as he has neglected his fiduciary duties.10.10.1. which is
probably because of a lapse in memory, which RYNETTE is taking full advantage of.

Peter has been told and shown evidence of the financial fraud conducted by Rynette.
It must be remembered that Peter does not and cannot use a computer, and cannot
do anything financial.

The statements where Peter is claiming his wife and:son are negligent are biatant
lies as he tries to cover for all the fraud committed by the bookkeeper. We request
the court to please look at the true evidence, not Peter’s brain-fog lies, considering
he cannot use a computer and so does no banking whatsoever, she is totally in
control of REGIMA banking.

We need Peter to put the accounts back to what they were before the interdict as
there are MILLIONS more now missing, which he needs to explain but won't be able
to do so.

11.6

The UK REGIMA COMPANY IS CONTROLLED AND RUN BEAUTIFULLY BY Daniel
Faucitt as it is automated and he has a team of staff who have been with REGIMA
for many years. The automating platforms have been run by Daniel, so RegimA SA
OWES UK money for the automation and running fees

11.9 Peter has nothing to do with the UK company so knows zero about it. He owes
money but is just once again making claims that cannot be substantiated.

12.1, 14.3,14.5

The UK COMPANY is fully automated and runs smoothly. Peter just chooses not to
hear how it works but instead likes to make claims. Unfortunately, it was Peter who
signed a 20 year agreement with a Belgian business man and left Daniel to try and
