# CCE20250929_0002

<!-- Generated via OCR from ANNEXURES/JF07/CCE20250929_0002.jpg -->
<!-- Created: 2025-10-21T22:00:31.114Z -->

## OCR Content

Page 14 ABSA BANK
Peter has never received logins FOR ABSA.

Acredit card was ordered for Daniel Faucitt but it was never delivered to him. We do
not know who is holding and using that card?

CIPC Rynette has contacted the person who the company deals with at the CIPC..

CLARE. CMA@MWEBBIZ.CO.ZA Rynette contacted Clare who infomed me that
Rynette requested all the CIPC documents plus the SHARE HOLDER
DOCUMENTS. This is information that should only be shared between Peter and |
and thank goodness that Clare is very ethical and informed me.

7.4 Page 16, 7.18 False statement by Peter. He did not have to authorise anything
in our company. accounts, but we gave him the respect of informing him, but he stil]
repeatedly forgot, as can be seen in the interdict, over and over.

Every payment made has been explained and it was taken as.a company loan,
which Peter knows very well and has unfortunately yet again, forgotten. The

informed several times, but maybe he cannot remember, this was because Daniel
had been Paying for the sustainment of platforms such as Shopify, so he could
continue paying for creditors, from his personal account to keep the companies
going.. Despite Peter being informed numerous times, plus his bookkeeper
confirming, he still put a long statement into his interdict so this is a very faise
statement, as he was told numerous times. .

There are so many instances of Peter being incapable of conducting his fiduciary
duties. Because it was paid over in July Peter made an assumption that it must be
as gift. No, that is honsense, Peter is for some reason that maybe he and his
bookkeeper know, is trying to disqualify Dane and Jacqueline. but he is the
incompetent one with the help of his bookkeeper. Daniel has his 2 professional
degrees and Jacqui Faucitt was'a nurse, then studied. medical science, human
physiologyy. Pete at age 73 and retired, is going to only rely on Rynette, bookkeeper
-WHY? As he has said so many times - HE CANNOT DO IT WITHOUT HERI! 2?
WHY, she is a bookkeeper!!
