# CCE20250929_0001

<!-- Generated via OCR from ANNEXURES/JF07/CCE20250929_0001.jpg -->
<!-- Created: 2025-10-21T22:00:32.894Z -->

## OCR Content

Peter must be disqualified for the safety of patients There is a conflict of interest
with this. REGIMA: and Rynette Farrar, plus Peter has allowed Rynette to take over
the registered trademark for REGIMA, e-mail addresses whose son , Darren
Farrar,has a packaging company

PLUS RYNETTE CANCELLED ALL THE RegimA e-mail addresses at RegimA
offices, her son has a Packaging company and she informed the full REGIMA
database to use a different e-mail address , guiding everyone to her and her son

Peter knows about all this and so should be disqualified as a Director as he is
allowing Rynette to guide yet another of the RegimA companies towards liquidation.
He has severely neglected his fudiciary duties and is incapable of running any
company any longer now he has retired.

3.5.1 PAGE 4 REGIMA WORDWIDE DISTRIBUTION

Peter should be removed from this company. This company was opened and run by
DANIEL FAUCITT. Peter is not cognitively capable of running this company. Daniel
is an Electrical and Electronic Engineer, focusing on automation. Danie! also holds a
degree in APPLIED MATHEMATICS honours, Cum Laude so is extremely qualified
‘to run this company and make it successful again. Unfortunately, Rynette the
bookkeeper, has managed to move almost alll of the funds out of that company. It
must be remembered that Peter does not use a computer and does none of the
banking, he allows Rynette to do ail the banking of all the RegimA companies. He
even gave Rynette all his personal banking logins, even investment accounts, plus
all the RegimA Global accounts which before contained US Dollars and Euros. Peter
must be disqualified as a Director and the bookkeeper must stop immediately doing
any and all bank transactions as she is going to drain them all.

3.6.1

VILLA VIA ARCADIA This is the REGIMA SKIN OFFICE BUILDING PURCHASED
approximately 11 years ago by JACQUELINE AND PETER FAUCITT. Peter now has
Rynette conducting all financial transactions and she has very quickly put this, once
extremely financially viable account, into a poor state.

3,7.1 STRATEGIC LOGISTICS CC This is a company started and owned by
DANIEL FAUCITT. itis the company owned and used by Daniel for procurement of
raw materials and Packaging. There is a conflict of interest with this and Rynette
Farrar, plus Peter has allowed Rynette to take over. But her son has a packaging
and she and her son are running an online cosmetic company which Peter has also
been purchasing packaging from.
